# Anamaya: A Multi-Agentic Approach Towards Mental Bliss
Project repo for mental health illness agent named as Anamaya

# Introduction
The Roman poet Juvenal coined the famous phrase when he wrote 'Orandum est ut sit mens sana in corpore sano' — You should pray for a healthy mind in a healthy body — around the end of the first century AD. This quote emphasizes that mental health is a critical component of overall well-being. With the deeper percolation of digital devices into everyday life, the availability of unfathomable amounts of information, and drastic changes in family and social fabric issues have resulted in people experiencing more loneliness, depression, stress, and other mental health issues. But parallelly, the rise in awareness and de-stigmatization of mental health issues paved the way for people to talk about the issues that they face talking openly about it still remains a challenge. People very often resort to social media, online forums, and various digital interactions to post their feelings and seek advice from people who have been through similar experiences as they are. 

We realized that this data can provide valuable insights into individuals' mental health, enabling the development of sophisticated tools to detect and address mental health concerns. By analyzing patterns in online behavior, language usage, and engagement levels, we can identify early signs of mental health issues such as depression, anxiety, or stress. 

The proposed methodology aims at developing an interpretable and holistic approach tool to mental health and wellness Anamaya (Sanskrit for "free from disease") through fine-tuning of open-mistral-7B large language model (LLMs) on Interpretable Mental Health Instruction (IMHI) dataset 
https://github.com/SteveKGYang/MentalLLaMA/tree/main/train_data/instruction_data  specifically curated for detecting 8 mental health analysis tasks. We aim at creating an approach that enables the detection of mental health concerns at a scale and speed that traditional methods cannot match, while also reaching marginalized communities, including those in remote or rural areas. We intend to enhance the model by augmenting the mental health condition detection system with an online counselor agent (fine tuned with Mistral) for offering personalized support tailored to the unique needs of each individual in a cost-effective manner, increasing the likelihood of effective outcomes.

A working notebook has been provided in the git repo along with the results. You can access the notebook with name <b><a href="./Mistral7b-Mental-diagnosis-councelling-agent.ipynb">Mistral7b-Mental-diagnosis-councelling-agent.ipynb</a></b>

